WIP: Docs for Proofreading tool (#6471)
scalableminds/webknossos: docs/datasets.md

1. From the *Datasets* tab in the user dashboard, click the *Add Dataset* button.
2. Select the *Add Remote Zarr Dataset*
3. For each layer, provide some metadata information:
  - a URL or domain/collection identifier to locate the dataset on the remote service
  - authentication credentials for accessing the resources on the remote service (optional)
4. Click the *Add Layer* button
5. webKnossos will automatically try to infer as many dataset properties (voxel size, bounding box, etc) as possible and preview a [webKnossos `datasource` configuration](./data_formats.md#dataset-metadata-specification) for your to review. 
  Consider setting the dataset `name` property and double-check all other properties for correctness.
6. Click `Import` to finish

webKnossos will NOT download/copy any data from these third-party data providers. 
Rather, any data viewed in webKnossos will be streamed read-only and directly from the remote source. 
Any other webKnossos feature, e.g., annotations, and access rights, will be stored in webKnossos and do not affect these services. 

> Note that, data streaming may count against any usage limits or minutes as defined by these third-party services. Check with the service provider or dataset owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that data streaming may count against any usage limits or minutes as defined by these third-party services. Check with the service provider or dataset owner.
```

> Hint: If happen to have any Zarr dataset locally that you would like to view in webKnossos, consider running an HTTP server locally to serve the dataset. Then webKnossos can easily stream the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hint: If you happen to have any Zarr dataset locally that you would like to view in webKnossos, consider running an HTTP server locally to serve the dataset. Then webKnossos can easily stream the data.
Alternatively, convert the dataset to wkw using [webknossos-libs](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos-libs/).
```

### Working with Neuroglancer and BossDB datasets

> On webKnossos.org supports loading and remotely streaming datasets in the [Neuroglancer precomputed format](https://github.com/google/neuroglancer/tree/master/src/neuroglancer/datasource/precomputed) stored in the Google Cloud or datasets served from [BossDB](https://bossdb.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
webKnossos.org supports loading and remotely streaming datasets in the [Neuroglancer precomputed format](https://github.com/google/neuroglancer/tree/master/src/neuroglancer/datasource/precomputed) stored in the Google Cloud or datasets served from [BossDB](https://bossdb.org).
```

To import these datasets:

1. From the *Datasets* tab in the user dashboard, click the *Add Dataset* button.
2. Select the *Add Neuroglancer Dataset* or *Add BossDB Dataset* tab
3. Provide some metadata information:
  - a *dataset name* 
  - a URL or domain/collection identifier to locate the dataset on the remote service
  - authentication credentials for accessing the resources on the remote service (optional)
4. Click the *Add* button

webKnossos will NOT download/copy any data from these third-party data providers. 
Rather, any data viewed in webKnossos will be streamed read-only and directly from the remote source. 
Any other webKnossos feature, e.g., annotations, and access rights, will be stored in webKnossos and do not affect these services. 

> Note that, data streaming may count against any usage limits or minutes as defined by these third-party services. Check with the service provider or dataset owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that data streaming may count against any usage limits or minutes as defined by these third-party services. Check with the service provider or dataset owner.
```

### Delete Tab

> Offers an option to delete a dataset and completely remove it from webKnossos. Be careful, this can not be undone!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offers an option to delete a dataset and completely remove it from webKnossos. Be careful, this cannot be undone!
```

This may be useful when dealing with large datasets that should remain in your data center.
[Please contact us](mailto:hello@webknossos.org) or [write a post](https://forum.image.sc/tag/webknossos), if you require any assistance with your setup.

> scalable minds also offer a dataset alignment tool called *Voxelytics Align*.

Reviewer: I thought we allways used SCM used as a singular subject, even though it's "minds"? I might mistaken, though.
